Add Instructions for Using an AWS Secrets Backend When Deploying Locally (#1753)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

```text 
AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.secrets_manager.SecretsManagerBackend

> AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow/variables"}

Reviewer: Do we still need the `region_name` in the `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS`? I think we should have it in there rather than `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`

Reviewer 2: We have a note here:- https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/aws.html

Saying this:- 

```
Previously, the aws_default connection had the “extras” field set to {"region_name": "us-east-1"} on install. This means that by default the aws_default connection used the us-east-1 region. This is no longer the case and the region needs to be set manually, either in the connection screens in Airflow, or via the AWS_DEFAULT_REGION environment variable.

```

Reviewer: That's great! Can we include a link to that article/comment?

Author: I added a link as discussed on Slack.

    $ astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow/variables",  "role_arn": "<your-role-arn>", "region_name": "<your-region>"} --secret
    ```

2. Optional. Remove the environment variables from your `.env` file or store your `.env` file in a safe location to protect your credentials. 

  :::info
    
  If you delete the `.env` file, the Secrets Manager backend won't work locally.

  :::

> 3. Open the Airflow UI for your Deployment and create an [Amazon Web Services connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/aws.html) with the no credentials. When you use this connection in a DAG, Airflow will automatically fall back to using the credentials in your configured environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the Airflow UI for your Deployment and create an [Amazon Web Services connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/aws.html) without credentials. When you use this connection in a DAG, Airflow will automatically fall back to using the credentials in your configured environment variables. 
```
